-  If that stuff happens--
-  It's going to happen.
- So, what do we do?
- You dig the biggest hole you can
and you get in.
We are preparing
for a massive catastrophe
that could cause
an extinction-level event for humanity
in the very real future.
Wildcat is down. It's a code red.
It's really bad,
and I need you here five minutes ago.
Copy you, I'm on my way.
All security cameras were offline
frozen on the last image,
but no one noticed because--
No one else was in the house
except Billy,
and he was
dead to the world on that couch.
Jane, everything's gonna be
looked at from here on out.
I need you to trust me.
Agent Collins, I'm gonna
need you to come with me.
I just don't understand
why of all the people
that could be heading this up,
they chose the one person
who was sleeping with the victim.
This is Dr. Gabriela Torabi.
She's a world-class therapist
and grief specialist.
Do you remember me?
You're we're the president's therapist.
I was yours too.
Uh, we did one session together early on.
I have just one other question
for you, if I may.
Is a part of you happy that Cal is dead?
Yes.
Slow down, dude.
Dude, slow down. I'm--
I'm gonna pass out.
- You're not gonna pass out.
- Yes, I am.
I'm gonna throw up
and I'm gonna fucking pass out.
Remind me why we're doing this again.
Billy, if you're gonna be my eyes
and ears on this thing
when we meet up, it's gotta look normal.
Us having a beer
at a fuckin' bar looks normal.
There's too many people at a bar.
- Jesus Christ.
- Alright, come on, come on.
Just walk it out.
You should be the one in charge
of this investigation, X.
Ship has already sailed.
Yeah, but why are you
public enemy number one?
I fell asleep on the couch.
Brooks and Rainey and Jane
were all on site,
it's worth mentioning
Robinson was boning the guy.
POTUS got hit and I didn't call it in
for over 30 minutes.
Plus, I was the last person
to see him alive.
It is weird that he's gone.
I mean, he was a motherfucker,
but he was our motherfucker, right?
- I mean, I know you hated him.
- I didn't hate him.
- It's complicated.
- Yeah.
Why don't we just tell
everybody the truth?
What, that POTUS was murdered?
And that his tablet
with government secrets
and God knows what else is missing,
and that we think the people
that built this place are covering it up?
I mean, I'd tune in.
I need you to be careful, Billy.
- It's not really my thing, but--
- I know, man.
- But try.
- Alright.
Uh...
7:15 mile, Agent Pace. Not bad.
You keep that up
and you may just lose them titties.
You mean these beefy pecs?
I dunno, man, they look like
some big ol' titties to me.
Where are you off to?
- Seeing a therapist.
- Alright.
Just a second.
Dr. Torabi.
- Agent Collins.
- Bad time?
Um, n-no. No, not at all.
Oh, I, I was just playing
a little game of 52 pickup.
Looks messy.
I think I have a guess
as to why you're here.
Why did you tell me to say yes?
Agent Collins, if you'd like
to schedule an appointment,
I'd be more than happy to set up a time--
It's a simple question, Doctor.
I'm headed out.
Care to join me for a walk?
Sure.
Great.
The deceased is a white male.
There's a right ZMC fracture
with a severe orbital blowout.
Sorry, I'm a bit out of practice.
Continuing on to the second injury.
There's comminution
of the orbital parietal bones...
...cerebral sagittal sinus,
evidence of blunt force trauma.
Preliminary wound analysis
suggest the murder weapon
was some sort of heavy object,
something jagged.
There are samples
of what appear to be soil
from an area around the head wound,
likely indicating a large rock.
He was first hit
on his right side while standing.
The catastrophic fracture
to the top of his cranium
likely happened while
he was on the ground,
very likely defenseless.
That said, there are signs
of ecchymosis on his hands.
Contusions, bruising, signs of a struggle.
And you have swabbed
his fingernails for traces of DNA?
I did.
How long before any DNA results come back?
Our tech is limited down here
and we're out of practice,
as I said, but it--
How long?
A day or two.
It's still amazing to me
how resilient human beings can be.
It's been three years, and this place
has become our normal.
And trust me, it took a lot of work
to get it to feel this way.
The insect sounds.
Those are a particularly nice touch.
The recordings were done in national parks
all over the country.
Why are we walking?
You think someone bugged your office?
They recorded every insect
they could find.
Thousands of hours. Day, night, uh, dusk.
- Dr. Torabi.
- Yes, maybe.
- Who?
- Who do you think?
Sinatra and the billionaires.
Sounds like a rock band, doesn't it?
Agent Collins, how well
do you remember our first meeting?
- To be honest, not very.
- Hm.
Agent Xavier Collins,
the first patient I'd ever seen
take the Fifth in therapy.
I remember I asked you
about your background,
and then, uh,
I distinctly remember you saying,
"I plead the Fifth,"
and you weren't being funny either.
I have seen some shit over the years,
but I have never seen that before.
Sorry, are we gonna play games
or are we gonna talk?
The only person who was less forthcoming
in therapy than you...
President Bradford.
At least when we started.
But eventually, he opened up.
I sat with him...
the day before his death,
but you know that.
How did he seem to you?
Something happened that last week.
He seemed... tired.
- Burdened.
- He was the president.
And he was in my office stumbling around
drunk in his bathrobe.
I wanna know why
you stepped in the other day.
I took another look at your file.
Tell me about your relationship
with your father.
Why did you two stop speaking?
Sorry I'm late.
Traffic was awful.
Oh, hey, I'm the one that asked you
to brave that rush hour traffic
so we could spend
a few minutes catching up.
- And here I am.
- And here you are.
- Good son.
- I'm the best son.
Don't push your luck.
Solo chess.
Mm-hmm. Helps focus the mind.
So does a nap.
- Relaxes me.
- You know, naps do that too.
This should make things more interesting.
- Uh-huh.
- Mm-hmm.
All is well at the academy?
All is well.
You'd have made a hell of a pilot.
What am I saying?
You can still fly with the best of 'em,
even if they won't allow you
to do it for a living.
I just wish that I could, you know,
I-- I could have done something.
I am who I am because of what
you and Mom gave me.
Poor eyesight is just part of the deal.
- How's Teri?
- That's another reason I'm late.
Uh, she's had better days.
What do you mean, better days?
I don't understand.
Something happened?
Uh, she's been nauseous a lot
in the morning.
- Mm.
- It's like a sickness.
- Like a morning sickness.
- Mm.
- Dad.
I'm gonna be a grandfather.
- Now, he's getting it.
- Aah!
You know I'm too sexy to be a grandfather.
There it is!
- Thank you, sir.
- Mm-hmm.
You pick a name yet?
You know Teri's obsessed
with Elvis, right?
- You sure she's one of us?
- Uh, she likes Presley.
I like Fritos, but it doesn't mean
I'm wanna name my granddaughter
after them.
Guess I'm gonna be flying
through Dulles a lot more, huh?
I guess so.
There's nothing to tell, really.
Look...
I'll tell you what I know
about Cal Bradford,
but you're asking me
to take a chance on you.
And I need to know more about the man
I'm taking a chance on...
than what's in his file.
What do you say, do we have a deal?
You look good in my boxers.
- Do I?
- Mm.
Mm.
Would you like
a presidential debriefing this morning?
- You're an idiot.
- I put on our song.
Agent Robinson.
I-- I didn't expect to see you here.
I just--
A man I've known for 20 years
was murdered.
Someone got access
to this house and killed him.
We put him in the ground in two days.
I'd like to find out
who did it before we do.
Ma'am, I...
I know that you're upset.
I know that you cared about him very much.
Cut the bullshit, Robinson.
Someone stole the tablet,
and I want it back, do you understand?
I'm on it.
Are you sure?
Because here's what I can't have.
I can't have some lovelorn mistress
daydreaming about her secret
workplace affair.
If it's all too close and too fresh,
I'll find someone else.
I said I'm on it.
Give me the space to do my job.
Give me the confidence
to give you the space.
They say we need more bunker babies.
- Who does?
- You know, they.
You actually think
everyone's past all the trauma?
God, no. No.
I mean, it's not like we're ever
all gonna be whole again.
But by building this place,
we gave people the tools
to begin to move on.
Take a look around. What do you see?
There's more socializing
than there is shopping.
Ancient Greeks believed
that a healthy social life
was the key to a flourishing life.
And the agora,
which is the Greek term for market,
was an important component.
It's why the population
down here was so limited.
It's...
just small enough
to retain that sense of community.
I mean, it's also the ideal
population size
for our oxygen filtration system.
But you know,
there's no fancy Greek word for that.
Okay, you want me to bite? I'll bite.
Why do you know so much about this place?
Because I helped design it.
The psychological aspects of it, that is.
I was hired to help make a community
of grieving, dislocated people
live a flourishing life.
One with grocery stores, and parks,
and a diner with the world's
all-time greatest cheese fries.
I like to think of myself as, um,
an architect of social well-being.
Because you brought in cheese fries?
Uh, the world's all-time greatest
cheese fries.
Hmm.
Do you think they have anything?
-  God save the queen.
- Knock it off, Pace.
Okay, here's where we are.
Forensics didn't find
any prints or fiber evidence.
Anybody close to him
seems to have an alibi.
We have no motive, no murder weapon.
What about DNA?
Samples were taken
from the president's body.
It's gonna take a few days.
The M.E. says that the time of death
lines up with the window
in which our cameras were down.
And the preliminary autopsy report
shows that the cause of death
was blunt force trauma
from a heavy irregularly shaped object.
Any other questions?
Not me.
Oh, you know what? Wait, I do have one.
Why in the holy fuck isn't Xavier here?
Agent Collins ignored protocol.
His actions that morning
were antithetical to--
Don't use big words
to try to confuse me, Robinson.
He's our best agent, he should be here.
Oh, don't mind me.
Our cameras were down
the night of the murder,
so that's what we're focusing on.
What are the chances of getting something
off the surveillance system?
It's a long shot, but, uh,
maybe I could pull the equivalent
of a digital fingerprint off the network.
It's about a 10% chance
I can get us the identity
of the person who turned them off.
How long?
I'm not a magician.
Uh, end of day, maybe.
Okay, that'll be all.
Thank you.
I'm confident that--
I'm off to calm down
the most neurotic president
in the history of the world.
When I come back, I want some answers.
You were hired by Sinatra?
Ah. Samantha. Sinatra to you.
We met, um, when she was utterly broken.
I was an expert in grief.
She thought I could help her,
and she gave me an opportunity.
- And now, you're here.
- And now, we're here.
Can she be trusted?
I'm done talking for a minute.
Tell me about your father.
What happened?
Attention, passengers...
Mm, getting nervous about that move?
They put me on the VP's detail.
Oh, wow.
- Congratulations, son.
- Thank you very much.
Oh, wow.
And tell me, whose job is it
to choose the code names?
No, seriously.
- Ok--
- Is that the, the Secret Service?
'Cause I've got some ideas
for that imbecile.
Well, I'm sorry to inform you,
but the White House
gives out code names
in consultation with the protectees.
I read somewhere
that, um, JFK and Jackie
were "Lancer" and "Lace."
- Huh.
- Yeah.
Quite apropos, don't you think?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- People forgot that.
Hey, Dad, what's going on there?
Hm?
- You got a tremor, I just saw it.
- No, it's nothing.
- Talk to me.
- It's nothing, it's nothing.
It's nothing at all. Forget about it.
What aren't you telling me?
I have Parkinson's.
Oh, don't. Come on now, don't--
If you start crying,
I-I, I'm gonna call in a bomb threat.
Dad, I'm just--
When did you-- right.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, well...
I'm dealing with it.
You know, I'm managing
all the symptoms with meds.
I'm eating healthy, exercising.
Your mother's up my ass about it.
Did you-- did you tell the company?
No, of course not.
What? You're hiding it?
- Ah...
- What about the other flight crew?
Well, some of the guys know.
They know that they're just gonna
have to be a bit more vigilant
when we're working together.
I'm on top of it.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
You're violating
your union's code of ethics.
Hey, you could go to jail, Dad.
Oh, come on. Come on.
- Alright, what would you have me do?
- Retire.
And then, I don't know, take up golf.
Take Mom to Italy, like she wants.
But you gotta stop flying, right now.
Well, I appreciate your concern,
but this is my decision to make.
- Dad, this is--
- Xa...
I'm a pilot, son.
That's what I am.
And, uh, I just need a little more time.
That's all.
I've got a flight to make.
My father and I had
a falling out, it happens.
He wanted me to be a pilot,
follow in his footsteps.
It turned out I couldn't do that,
so I joined the Secret Service.
I know the order of events, okay?
I read it in the profile.
- There's nothing else.
- Well, I think there is.
- I'm telling you, there isn't.
- Tell me about his last flight.
No.
- You're frustrated.
- Yes.
- Okay, with me asking questions and--
- With all of it, okay?!
But clearly, you're a very smart person,
and clearly, you've worked very hard
- at becoming, uh, an architect of--
- Social well-being.
But there's nothing normal
about any of this.
I wanna know what you know about Cal,
and I don't wanna talk about my old life,
because my old life ended.
The world ended,
and everyone and everything in it is gone.
And no amount of groceries,
or pre-recorded insect noises,
or most especially,
goddamn fuckin' cheese fries
is gonna change a thing about it.
Wow.
Yeah, that was a lot.
So, what now?
Well, I mean, I have an idea,
but I don't think you're gonna like it.
Try me.
I was thinking
we go get some cheese fries.
This is bad.
What are we gonna do if Garcia finds out?
Take it easy.
He just said there's a 90% chance
he can't figure out who messed
with the system.
Yeah, and there's a 10% chance he can.
What the fuck, Brooks?
This part of the house is off limits.
- On whose orders?
- Robinson's.
Thanks.
- You think he heard us?
- No.
- He could tell Robinson.
- Come here.
Don't worry so much.
If it comes down to it,
I'll deal with Robinson, alright?
Go. You go.
Henry, you need to calm down.
Remember what the doctors told you?
Mr. President, I can protect you
in your home and in public.
But if a blood vessel bursts in your brain
or you stroke out,
well, sir, I'm not that good.
Cal had state-of-the-art security,
look what happened to him.
Cal is dead.
He was my friend,
and we're just moving on.
Going about our lives
as if nothing happened.
They're still doing
a goddamn carnival tomorrow!
Cal was a decent and honorable man.
He was my friend, too.
And we honor him by being clear-eyed
in our pursuit of justice.
And do we know
where this pursuit is taking us?
You have no leads.
I thought you had surveillance cameras
all over the place.
Well, despite what you might have heard,
I don't record everything
that happens in this city.
Henry, you've walked
into a lot here, I get it.
It's unfair what's being asked of you.
President. I mean...
It's a lot.
But you're doing a fantastic job.
Really, I mean,
I just couldn't be more pleased.
You're a quiet man, but you're steady one,
and you've stepped up to the plate.
The only person doing better than you
is your lovely wife here.
-  Oh, please. Stop.
-  It's true.
You are crushing it, Nance!
Your outfit at the swearing-in?
Get the fuck outta here.
I mean, women were going crazy.
We're gonna have to open a store.
Samantha, promise me
you'll catch whoever did this.
I will, sir.
Then, that will be all.
It's my office, sir.
Yes. Of course.
I can't believe
you're cheating on me with him.
I know, I'm sorry. I usually come here
and share a plate of cheese fries
with Maggie.
Now, obviously, down here,
um, we use nut cheese.
-  Mm.
- Which I know sounds disgusting
and weird in such a larger prominent dose.
But I swear, you won't notice.
- I hate that cashew cheese crap.
- Oh no, this place does it different.
It's not the cashews,
it's the chemicals.
Here we are.
Thank you.
One order, extra cheese, coming up.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
I thought I knew what vigilance
looked like, but holy shit.
You've been scanning this room
from the moment we walked in.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Do you always choose the seat
facing the door?
- Old habits die hard.
- Mm.
And what are you staring at now?
You're identifying all the exits
in the room, aren't you?
No, I did that the minute
we walked in here.
What I'm staring at
is the woman seated in that booth.
Different time and place, I would have
considered her a potential threat.
Why? Because she's hungry?
The knife. She can use either hand.
Hm.
That must be difficult.
How do you mean?
Just seeing the world as nothing
but a series of threats.
You see something different?
Well, where you see a threat, Xavier,
I see a mother who's learned
to feed her child on either side of her.
Okay.
So, where are the kids?
We all lost something on our way here.
You know that as well as anyone.
I didn't lose my wife,
I know exactly where she was.
She was in a different city
when it happened,
and she died because he didn't get her
to a goddamn plane.
- Please remember to chew, Gabriela.
- Move your hand or I'll eat it.
Just let...
Mm!
So good.
-  After you.
- No, no, no, please. You first.
Pick a good one.
♪ I'll take the long road ♪
- Damn, that's good.
- Mm-hmm.
Mm.
God. You know what I really miss?
Hm?
- You know, it's stupid, forget it.
- Mm. Oh, no, no, no, it's good.
It's good to remember the things
that brought you joy.
Soft shell crab.
Summer peaches.
Smell of a campfire.
Mm. Peaceful snowfall.
The warmth of the sun. The real sun.
♪ I'll take the long road ♪
Sand between my toes.
On our second date, Teri and I drove out
to the beach at Sandy Point.
Teri loved the ocean.
And I do too, really.
But, um, the sand?
Not so much.
So, a trip to the beach
is a bit like a combat mission.
It's me against this damn sand.
I gotta find just the right spot.
Fold open the chairs, set up the umbrella,
lay out the towels just so.
I didn't realize Teri was watching me
the entire time.
So, there I am, all set up, finally.
And she just walks over
and messes all my shit up.
Oh.
She was the person
who could get a little sand on me.
She was the only person who could do that.
She sounds lovely.
♪ I'll take the long road ♪
♪ I'll take the long road, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I'll... ♪
You said you wanted to know
about my dad's last flight.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- Whose start is it?
It's mine.
Ooh, looks like the beginning
of the Scotch game.
Aha, that's aggressive for you, son.
- Something different for a change.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, the meds are taking care
of the tremors, I'm fine.
Mm-hmm. Notice you're wearing
a different lapel pin.
I was named to the president's detail.
I mean, I'm one of like 50 agents,
but still.
I wanted to tell you in person.
You get to go aboard Air Force One?
Yes, sir.
My God.
Would you like to see her?
Hell yeah.
She can fly at over 600 miles per hour,
is equipped with 85 phone lines,
and get this, has flares for defense
against missile attacks
and can withstand
a nuclear blast on the ground.
You good?
You won't understand, son.
You won't understand
till your kids get older.
Look at where you are.
Look at what you've done, son.
Look at what you've done, Dad.
The son of a Tuskegee Airman
who became one of a handful
of Black captains
of a commercial airline,
and his son now protects
the President of the United States.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look at where we are.
And Dad, we got here
by doing things the right way.
Yeah.
It's time, Pop.
You can't fly anymore.
You gotta retire.
That's not your decision to make.
It shouldn't be,
but you made it my decision.
What have you done?
These papers don't take away
years of service.
They say, "Well done, Dad."
That's what these papers say,
that's all they say.
I filed them for you, Dad.
I filed them because I knew you wouldn't.
I'd see him on holidays, but without
the airport meetings, things shifted.
Our relationship was never the same.
The disease progressed quickly,
and we lost him soon after that.
It must have been very difficult
to do what you did.
That's the thing, it wasn't.
It's the way he wired me, uh...
it just wasn't.
You have a strong moral compass.
And it served me real well.
Well, I think it may now.
It's time to show you my cards.
What do you have for me?
Something good.
You strike me as the kind of person
who likes a show.
Sit down. I'm gonna give you a show.
Bring 'em in.
Why did they do it?
That's the question I keep asking myself.
Are you talking to me? I... don't follow.
Are we talking about the investigation?
The fireplace.
Now, why would they build
a fireplace down here?
I-- I don't know, ma'am.
We're-- we're in a cave,
and fire is elemental to who we are?
Storytellers or some bullshit?
Why did you two shut down the cameras
the night of the murder?
Tell her.
She doesn't have the footage.
That's true, Billy.
That is very true.
But we have your digital footprint.
We know you accessed the system
to shut down the cameras.
And it wasn't just
the night of the murder.
You've done it other nights too.
- In fact, you've been doing it for months.
-  Please.
That all adds up to means and opportunity.
- Now, we just need a motive.
- We were playing Wii.
What?
Wii Tennis, actually.
- What the fuck is Wii Tennis?
-  A game.
A video game.
Also, sometimes we eat
his candy from his junk drawer.
Also, I once took a nap in his bed.
Billy tried on his socks.
It's the truth.
Stupid and unprofessional as it sounds.
We've been protecting a president
inside of a secure bunker
where nothing ever happens.
Until something did happen.
We realized if we shut down
the security system,
we could-- we could play his video games
and use his cool shit,
and no one would really
be the worst off for it.
My God, you absolute idiots.
Everybody get the fuck outta here.
Okay.
Start finding me some answers,
or I'll find someone who will.
Today was, uh, interesting.
Mm, I thought you were about
to admit that you had fun.
- Never, no.
- Well...
I'm... I'm tired.
Hey, do the numbers 8-1-2-0-9-2
mean anything to you?
No. No, why?
Just something I'm looking into.
There's so few people in the world.
I guess I'm one of the lucky ones.
But it doesn't feel like that.
I don't appreciate it.
I'm not sure I should have been
chosen to be here.
Honestly, I don't know why I was.
Do you play poker?
It's not my thing.
I lost my parents
when I was relatively young.
Uh, my mom as a kid,
and my dad as a teenager.
It's why I went into palliative care.
My dad taught me to play
when I was in middle school.
It was our time together, I loved it.
We'd play with tons of wild cards,
and these wild cards could be anything,
which made it even more fun
because it meant
that you always had a chance.
Xavier, you are here...
because I chose you.
Everyone's here because I chose them.
We need you
to choose your new lead agent.
Oh, I told you I trusted you
to make the selections.
And we have.
Cal, the world is going to shit.
You're gonna be the one in charge
when it ends, and it's gonna be awful.
This person will be by your side
the entire time.
I want it to be someone
you're comfortable with.
- Who's she?
-  She's on the team.
She's evaluating
and recommending candidates.
-  The gatekeeper.
- I'm Gabriela.
- Eh, both start with a G.
- This is true.
- I'm great at spelling.
- It's why I voted for you, sir.
- I like her.
-  Mr. President...
these are all vetted and approved
candidates for your new lead agent.
There's a shit ton of 'em.
You keeping that one for yourself?
Uh, no, sir. I was actually hoping
that you would read this one first.
He's already on your detail,
but I have a pretty good feeling
about him, sir.
Let's go with your gut then.
When do I meet him?
He's waiting in the hallway,
Mr. President.
Okie-dokie.
We'll give you the room.
Agent Collins, come on in.
Oh, shoes off, please.
That was my main job.
Not grocery stores or cheese fries.
It was choosing the thousands of people
who would live
when everyone else would die.
And every day,
I see the faces of the thousands
that I didn't pick to be saved.
But you...
You were my wild card.
If something went wrong,
I needed the person
who would do the right thing,
no matter what.
So, this was all some kind of test?
I needed to know the man behind the file.
Tell me why you wrote
that message on your hand.
What was that all about?
I'm married.
I know.
♪ I think we're alone now ♪
♪ There doesn't seem to be anyone around ♪
- What are you--
- Shh.
♪ The beating of our hearts
is the only sound ♪
♪ Children behave ♪
♪ That's what they say
when we're together ♪
♪ Watch how you play ♪
♪ They don't understand and so we're ♪
♪ Running just as fast as we can ♪
♪ Holding onto one another's hand ♪
♪ Tryin' to get away into the night ♪
♪ Then you put your arms around me ♪
♪ And we tumble to the ground
and you say ♪
I have a message from the president.
♪ I think we're alone now ♪
He said if something should happen to him,
I should find you.
♪ Anyone around ♪
♪ I think we're alone now ♪
He said Billy Pace is dangerous.
♪ Is the only sound ♪
♪ I think we're alone now ♪
♪ The beating of our hearts
is the only sound ♪
♪ We're alone ♪